Update readme.md to use @azure/identity for authentication (#14717)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/digitaltwins/digital-twins-core/README.md

#### CORS

Azure Digital Twins doesn't currently support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS). As a result, this library cannot be used to make direct calls to the template service from a browser. Please refer to [this document](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/samples/cors/ts/README.md) for guidance.

## Key concepts

### Azure Digital Twins

Azure Digital Twins is an Azure IoT service that creates comprehensive models of the physical environment. It can create spatial intelligence graphs to model the relationships and interactions between people, spaces, and devices.
You can learn more about Azure Digital Twins by visiting [Azure Digital Twins Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/digital-twins/)

### `DigitalTwinsClient`

`DigitalTwinsClient` is the client object that users of this library use to manage their Azure Digital Twins instance.

## Examples

### JavaScript example for authentication, client creation, and performing various operations on a Digital Twins instance

```javascript

> const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");

Reviewer: I think we should show how to install it first.

[bundling documentation](https://aka.ms/AzureSDKBundling).

#### CORS

Azure Digital Twins doesn't currently support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS).
As a result, this library cannot be used to make direct calls to the template service from a browser.
Please refer to [this document](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/samples/cors/ts/README.md) for guidance.

## Key concepts

### Azure Digital Twins

Azure Digital Twins is an Azure IoT service that creates comprehensive models of the physical environment.
It can create spatial intelligence graphs to model the relationships and interactions between people, spaces, and devices.
You can learn more about Azure Digital Twins by visiting [Azure Digital Twins Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/digital-twins/).

### `DigitalTwinsClient`

`DigitalTwinsClient` is the client object that users of this library use to manage their Azure Digital Twins instance.

## Examples

### Create the DigitalTwinsClient

To create a new `DigitalTwinsClient`, you need the endpoint to an Azure Digital Twins instance and credentials.

> Here, we use `DefaultAzureCredential` for credentials.
> DefaultAzureCredential is provided by [`@azure/identity`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/identity/identity).
> It supports different authentication mechanisms and determines the appropriate credential type based of the environment it is executing in.
> See `@azure/identity` in [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/identity/identity) for more information on authenticating with DefaultAzureCredential or other implementations of TokenCredential.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here, we use `DefaultAzureCredential` for credentials from the package `@azure/identity`.
It supports different authentication mechanisms and determines the appropriate credential type based of the environment it is executing in.
See the [readme for @azure/identity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) for more information on the different authentication options you can use.
```

> - Node.js version 6.x.x or higher

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Node.js version 8.x.x or higher
```

#### CORS

Azure Digital Twins doesn't currently support Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS). As a result, this library cannot be used to make direct calls to the template service from a browser. Please refer to [this document](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/samples/cors/ts/README.md) for guidance.

## Key concepts

### Azure Digital Twins

Azure Digital Twins is an Azure IoT service that creates comprehensive models of the physical environment. It can create spatial intelligence graphs to model the relationships and interactions between people, spaces, and devices.
You can learn more about Azure Digital Twins by visiting [Azure Digital Twins Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/digital-twins/)

### `DigitalTwinsClient`

`DigitalTwinsClient` is the client object that users of this library use to manage their Azure Digital Twins instance.

## Examples

### TypeScript example for authentication, client creation and listing models in an Azure Digital Twins instance.

> ```typescript

Reviewer 2: We encourage the use of JS in our samples in the readme file rather than TS as it requires less set up to copy - paste and run. Also is listing of the models most common scenario one would encounter when using this package? If not, I would recommend updating the code snippet to show something that would be great for a person just getting started with the package

## Next steps

> Please take a look at the [samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/digitaltwins/digital-twins-core/samples) directory for detailed examples that demonstrate how to use the client libraries.

Reviewer: IIRC, there was some talk that there should be no samples for this package. If this is still true, please remove this part. If that is false, please make sure those samples also use `@azure/identity`.

Author: Let's keep the samples. We are using `@azure/identity` in the samples, and #14679 converts those samples to TypeScript and migrates to samples workflow v2.
